# Milestone 1. Project Plan Complete

To Complete this first milestone create documents for each of the four development 
roles on your team.

Update this page for your project.

Use https://github.com/Mark-Seaman/Mark-Seaman.github.io/blob/master/BookBuilder/Index.md
as a guide for your work.

Your project website will need to have one document for each of the four roles in software 
development. Each role will be assessed on their abilty to deliver the appropriate information
at the completion of the milestone.

The teamwork will also be a factor in the grade for each milestone.  Each team member will
fill out a survey on the server that will reveal how well the teams are working.  I will
assess this information and assign a letter grade for the teamwork portion of the milestone.

The deliverables that are required at each milestone will also be evaluated.


### Project Expectations
* Build an app of medium scale
* Rotating job assignments
* Build your app in milestones
* Customer review and planning every two weeks
* Read [Team Project](../docs/TeamProject)


### Contribution and Accountability
* Each person will contribute to the team
* Communication quality
* Address problems as they occur
* Accountability with kindness


### Grading (80% individual contribution, 20% team contribution)
* individual contribution - 10 requirements
* team contribution - team evaluation


### Team evaluation
- Did this person help the team to the milestone?
- Were they reasonable to work with?
- Did they complete their deliverable?
- Notes about improvement (one thing to make better)


### Role: Project Manager - Requirements

Goal: Project Charter

Document: Requirements.md

Deliverables:

* Business proposition
* Project scope & budget
* Client communication
* Sprint Planning meetings


### Role: Designer - Design

Goal: Technology selection

Document: Design.md

Deliverables:

* Select Development Tools
* Infrastructure - Frameworks & Tools
* Setup Guide
* Create "Hello World"
* Decide on App deployment


### Role: Programmer - Code

Goal: Version control

Document: Code.md

Deliverables:

* Setup Github account
* Setup Github Pages repository
* Decide how to publish your project docs
* User Guide for development workflow


### Role: QA Engineer - Test

Goal: Test Plan

Document: Test.md

Deliverables:

* Outline of testing that will be used
* Setup structure for testing
* Log issues
* Document how to log issues
